updating service->cloud (#2326)
pulumi/registry: themes/default/content/registry/packages/pulumiservice/installation-configuration.md

## Setup

> To provision resources with the Pulumi Service provider, you must have Pulumi Cloud credentials. Pulumi Cloud maintains documentation on creating [access tokens](https://www.pulumi.com/docs/intro/pulumi-cloud/accounts/#access-tokens).

Reviewer: Should this be a relref?

Author: @jkodroff no, nothing should be a relref, we removed support for relrefs. but you can drop the pulumi.coms if you'd like

> To provision resources with the Pulumi Service provider, you need to have Pulumi Service credentials. Pulumi Service maintains documentation on how to create access tokens [here](https://www.pulumi.com/docs/intro/pulumi-cloud/accounts/#access-tokens).

Author: ```suggestion
To provision resources with the Pulumi Service provider, you must have Pulumi Cloud credentials. Pulumi Cloud maintains documentation on creating [access tokens](https://www.pulumi.com/docs/intro/pulumi-cloud/accounts/#access-tokens).
```

| Option | Required/Optional | Description |
|-----|------|----|

> | `accessToken`| Required | [Pulumi Service Access Tokens](https://www.pulumi.com/docs/intro/pulumi-cloud/accounts/#access-tokens) |

Author: ```suggestion
| `accessToken`| Required | [Pulumi Cloud Access Tokens](https://www.pulumi.com/docs/intro/pulumi-cloud/accounts/#access-tokens) |
```

> | `apiUrl`| Optional | Allows overriding default [Pulumi Service API URL](https://www.pulumi.com/docs/reference/service-rest-api) for [self hosted customers](https://www.pulumi.com/docs/guides/self-hosted/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `apiUrl`| Optional | Allows overriding default [Pulumi Cloud API URL](https://www.pulumi.com/docs/reference/cloud-rest-api) for [self hosted customers](https://www.pulumi.com/docs/guides/self-hosted/).
```

> | `accessToken`| Required | [Pulumi Cloud Access Tokens](https://www.pulumi.com/docs/intro/pulumi-cloud/accounts/#access-tokens) |

Reviewer: Should this be a relref?

Author: @jkodroff no, nothing should be a relref, we removed support for relrefs. but you can drop the pulumi.coms if you'd like
